[MUSIC] So now let's try a little bit larger and
compare and see what happens. So remember we have our first curve,
the blue curve, where eta was 10 to the minus 5. Then we have the scion curve
where eta was 50% larger so 10 to 1.5 times 10 to the -5. And now we tried even larger parameter. So this is the red line, this is eta = 2.5 times 10 to the -5. So this is 2.5 times
bigger than the blue line. And what we see, we see bigger
oscillations in the beginning and the early oscillation phase goes on for
a long time. As you see, the oscillations
are decreasing towards the end, but decreasing, but we still pick
the parameter that is too big. You see the oscillations
is not converging. There's a gap, significant gap
in the likelihood function, l of w so the red one,
2.5 times 10 to the -5 is too big. So let's understand a little better
why those oscillations come about. So, if I were to use the loose, very smooth step size, what happens is,
I start from the starting point and I take these little steps and I'm kind
of following this nice smooth curve. All the way to my desired parameter,
w hat. If you pick a step size that is too big, I look at a gradient here and it's looking
pretty good, a direction in the beginning. So let me change colors there
just to make it super obvious. So I'm going to use green to the note that this step size,
which is too big, so I start here. I find the gradient direction but
I take a step that's too big. Boom, I went to somewhere
really far away over here so it took an eta that was too big. And now I compute the gradient here,
and it's in this direction, and boom, we took a step size of too big. I ended up over here, and
then I compute the gradient and I get something in this direction and then
boom I take a step size that's too big, I ended up here and
that step size is too big and so on. And you keep oscillating back and
forth these really big steps. Now in this case, in the red line,
2.5 x 10 to the minus 5. You see this oscillations are decreasing,
so eventually it's going to get closer and
closer to w hat. But you have to be careful. Now let's see what happens when we pick
a eta parameter, they're just too, too, too large. What I've done here is taken
a much bigger parameter, so I picked a eta,
which has a step size 10 to the -4. Remember they're the ones who
were over ten to minus five, as you can see they're increasing,
this is ten to the minus four, so ten times bigger than this blue line
here which is eta ten to the minus five. First thing they observe is
why all the oscillations? This parameter is too big,
things are going everywhere, doesn't seem to be converging and
the likelihood value is much, much lower than of the other parameters. The other way to look at it is, look,
we thought that the difference between the red parameter, which was, we thought
was too big and the blue parameter, which was better with
the cyan one was a big gap, but look at the gap between, this all
curves look really small because we had to make the scale much bigger to
show this wildly oscillating one. So ten to the minus four was too big. So here's what I've learned, we've
learned that ten to minus six, too small, ten to the minus four is too big. Now, we have a range between
the too big and too small, and we can search in that range. [MUSIC]