[ดนตรี] So we seen this one example, and
now let's look at a second house. So I'm going to now prediction for a second fancier house. So let's look at that. So let's call this house2. So, house2 from our sales data,
sales, is going to be the one, again, we're going to use a filter here. So it's the one whose id is equal to 1925069082. So let's take a look at
what house2 looks like. House2 was sold in 2015 for $2.2 million. It has 5 bedrooms, 4 and
a quarter bathrooms, many more bathrooms, 4,640 square feet of living space,
so it's much bigger. It's about 460 square meters. It's a pretty big house. So let's look at an image. I kinda downloaded also,
an image for this house. So here's my little cheat sheet for the image, and I'm going to insert it. So scan, so as before we're
gonna do an image whose source. So, this I downloaded to
the basic directory here. It's called house-1925069082.jog, close, not jog, but jpeg. So, that should work. So, remember that other
house cost $620,000. This one costs $2.2 million. Let's take a look at it. It looks fancier. It looks cool, has a bigger yard. But check this out. It's on the water. It's a waterfront house. Now that explains why it costs $2 million. It's fancier, much fancier. So, let's see now what our models
predict for the value of this property. So, it costs $2.2 million. Let's print what the square
foot model predicts. So, just like before,
we're going to do .predict on house2. And, it predicts it costs
only $1.25 million. So, it didn't do so well. So let's look at what
the more advanced models, so my_features model.predict does. And before I hit Enter here, it's good to start thinking
about what should happen here. The other house, the one above,
where the, the one with more features, more than one features didn't make
a big difference or actually did worse, was a pretty standard house for Seattle. Standard number of bedrooms,
standard number of bathrooms, it was kind of common, so you expected
both models to do about the same. But this house is crazy. It has features which are hard to
capture just because of the square feet. It has waterfront. It has lots of bathrooms,
lots of bedrooms. So we expect here for the more
advanced feature model to do better. Oh, I misspelled something. Oh, I forgot, here my features_model. Sorry about that,
that was really anticlimactic. But if we run it,
you see it's 1.38 million. It's a little closer. As you remember from before,
the error difference was too big, but here it's a little closer
to the true price. So it does a bit better on this house. Now, just to conclude, let's do a even fancier house, so what I'm gonna look at, so a third house. So the ##Last house is
gonna be super fancy. And in fact, what we're gonna
do is take Bill Gates' house. Bill Gates lives in the Seattle area, and
try to predict what the house looks like. So it has a lot of different properties. And rather than typing them all in,
I'm going to paste them in. So I'm going to paste it here. And this is what your Gates house
would have if it were in the data set. It has 8 bedrooms, 25 bathrooms. Bill Gates really needs to go
to the bathroom, apparently. 25 bathrooms,
at least this is what it said online. It has 50,000 square feet of housing. That's about 5,000 square meters. That's a big house,
four floors, lots of stuff. So that's what his house looks like. We actually don't know what the house
is worth because it's never been sold. I guess he doesn't need the money. [LAUGH] And let's see what that house actually looks like. So, I actually have a little cheat sheet
here with a link to an image of his house. So, this is a picture of,
Bill Gates' house. And here we go. Oh, yes, sorry about that. I forgot I had to do,
tell it it was a markup. And there we go. So, let's see what the model predicts for
the price of Bill Gates' house. I'm gonna print what
my_features_model.predict says for Bill Gates' house. Now these are GraphLab created models,
and they only take SFrames as input. So I have to take that dictionary
that I just created to describe Bill Gates' house, and
convert it to an SFrame. So I just type
graphlab.SFrame(bill_gates), this was a dictionary, which is what we defined
above here that's called dictionary. And then converts to SFrame,
and I execute. And it says it predicts it
to be valued at $13 million. I don't know. It sounds like a lot, but the house might
be worth a lot more than $13 million. Who knows? And that was exciting. We built two models of house
prices using county data. We explored it, we use it, and we applied
it to this task of predicting houses. We even found out what we think Bill
Gates' house might actually be valued at. [ดนตรี]