[MUSIC] Okay, so let's take these ratings
that we were just talking about. And instead of talking about them for
a specific combination of a movie and a user, let's talk about how we can think
about representing our predictions over the entire set of users and movies. And to do this, we're gonna need
a little bit of linear algebra. So in particular, if we're looking
at the score that we're giving to a specific movie, v, for a user, u. So this is rating [BLANK AUDIO] predicted for user u and movie v. Well, what did we say that was? We said we took the user vector Lu,
and we took the movie vector Rv, and we did this element-wise product, and summed over the elements of that product. So I'm gonna denote that just
with this little notation here. So these little braces here mean
we're gonna take the vector Lu and the vector Rv,
do an element-wise product, and sum. Okay, so
what that represents is we're taking a row of a big matrix L, so
there's a row that has a vector Lu. So let me write this a little
bit more largely here, so this row Lu is the vector
that we talked about before. With how much that user likes
different things like action, romance, and so on, and then we take a movie vector, Rv. So again,
we'll write it more largely here. So Rv is indexed over
the same set of genres, or topics, for the movie, and
has some set of entries. And in this matrix notation, if you're familiar with matrix multiply,
to get the entry. So this is the uth row here,
and the vth column here. If we multiply these together, we get
the uvth entry of this resulting matrix. So if you're not familiar with
this kind of thing, that's okay. We're gonna talk about
it in a lot more detail. In subsequent courses,
but for those who are, this representation is a very compact
way to take all of the vectors for all of the users, so
we're stacking up all of the user vectors, and stacking up all of the movie vectors. And through this representation, we end up with an entire matrix which
is just like we were writing before. It's a users by movies matrix. So all of the users that
appeared here [BLANK AUDIO] are appearing here,
and all of the movies that appeared as columns here
are appearing as columns in this matrix. And each individual entry, again,
is a combination of a specific row of this L matrix and
a specific column of this matrix R here. [MUSIC]