[MUSIC] Okay, so we saw in our feature-based
classification approach that we were able to handle cases where we might
have very limited user data. And on the other hand,
in our matrix factorization approach, we saw that we were able to capture
relationships between users and items and in particular learn features
of those users and those items. And a question is, whether we can
have some integrated approach to get the benefits of both worlds. So importantly the features of our
classification based approach, or something like that can
capture things like context, time of day, what I just saw,
user information, past purchases. Whereas the features that are discovered
from matrix factorization can capture groups of users
who behave similarly. So for example, women from Seattle
who teach and are also a mom. Okay so the question is how we combine
these two different approaches. Well it's very straightforward. What we can do is we
can take a new user for which we have no past purchase
information, and we can use just features specified by that user. Such as the person's age,
gender and so on, to predict the ratings
that a person might have. Likewise, as we get more and
more data from that user, we can weight more heavily on our
matrix factorization approach and use those learn features, more strongly
when we're forming our recommendations. So it's very simple to think about
combining the ideas of a user-specified feature-based model with our learned
features from matrix factorization. And gradually switch between the two, depending on how much data's available
from each user or for each product. And this idea of blending
models is really popular. And one example of where it's
really been shown to have impact in recommenders systems was this
classic example that we mentioned at the beginning of this module
of the Netflix competition. So this competition was a competition for who could provide the best predicted
ratings for users on Netflix, and the data set consisted of a hundred
million different user ratings and movies. There's almost 18,000 different movies,
nearly 500,000 unique users, and the goal was to predict 3,000,000
ratings to the highest accuracy, and the prize was a $1,000,000. So there are a lot of people very
interested in competing for this prize, and what we see in this table
here is the leading team. And their model actually blended over a hundred different models
to get their performance. And so
this type of ensemble approach we're gonna discuss more in
the classification module but this notion of combining models to get
performance that exceeds the performance of any of the individual models Is a very
common and very powerful technique.