So let's take a look at
what products we have. So, let's look at what reviews we have for
different product names. And here,
we're gonna use the canvas again, to do a little bit of visualization. And so, as with before,
I'm going to do graphlab.canvas, and we'll set the target to be
my ipath to on notebook so it will show up right here on the ipath
on notebook as we're building this. Now we can take one of the columns
of this s frame of the product. So for example,
let's take the name of the product, and we can just hit .show on it,
and that's gonna show a histogram of the different names of
the different products in this data set. So, for example, right here. So we see that this particular product,
Vulli Sophie something gets the most reviews, 785 reviews as compared
to like simple wishes something, something, 562 reviews and you can see
that the number of reviews go down. Fisher Price products 489, 450. This is different baby products
here that we're analyzing and you'll see the histogram of the different
reviews of different products, number of reviews, so
let's visit that first Vulli Sophie. What is that? So let me tell you a little
bit more about that product. So let's explore the so called Vulli Sophie and
this is an extremely popular product, so it's actually,
I happen to have one right here. This is Vulli Sophie, the giraffe teether. So it's a little plastic giraffe. It's the most gifted product for
babies on Amazon. And it's a teether, which means
like babies like to chew on it. So lots of reviews for
this giraffe for babies to chew on, and it's made out of plastic and squeaks. [SOUND] So this is what we're
gonna talk about a lot today, this little giraffe [SOUND]. Now, let's look at the reviews for
this particular giraffe. So, I'm gonna call it giraffe. Giraffe reviews. And then we're going to take all
of those products that I have, all those product reviews,
and I am going to select, this is another filter,
I am going to select those rows where the product name is equal to
the name of this particular giraffe. So this is Vulli Sophie the Giraffe Teether. This is the product that
we've been talking about. So if we take a quick look here,
if I ask for the length of this new thing, giraffe reviews, this table, you see
there's 785 reviews for this plastic toy. [NOISE] Little teether. So, 785 reviews, and
let's look at the ratings. So, I'm gonna take the giraffe_reviews,
the ratings, just for this particular product, and I'm gonna
do a .show in it like we've been doing. I wanna look at particular view
called the categorical view. Which is going to give me,
categorical view. It's gonna give me a, sort of
a histogram of the different reviews and how many scores we got. So, if you take a look at
this little histogram here, you will see something
kind of interesting. People love this thing. 535 the reviews were five stars. This is a product 535 five star reviews. Then the next most common is four stars,
then three stars. Then it jumps down to one star,
and finally two stars. So a good, sizable amount of
people really hated this product. But most people loved it. It would be fun to do a kind
of sentiment analysis try to understand where the really
negative reviews or the really positive reviews what
this review is talking about. Just like we discussed in
the lectures in this module. To do that,
we'll build a sentiment classifier. [MUSIC]