[MUSIC] We've built a model. We understood it's accuracy about 0.911%. Let's go and actually use this model for
something, something actually quite cool. So what I'm gonna do is Apply the model. Learned model to understand sentiment for our friend, the Giraffe. So, here we go. Let's understand it a little bit. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm going to take those giraffe_reviews
that I built a little bit earlier. And, I'm gonna create a new column to this giraffe_reviews called
my predicted_sentiment. And this predicted_sentiment
is gonna come from taking the sentiment model that we build. The sentiment model, and oops, this auto-complete was a little slow,
sorry about that. Oh man, we have a little glitch there. So Okay,
we'll take the sentiment model and we're going to call this
function predict on it. And we'll try to predict how does
it feel about the giraffe_reviews. So how do you feel about my
friend: the giraffe_reviews. And the output, and this is a key thing, we're not just gonna output the zero-one, where they predict the sentiment
to be zero or one. I'm gonna say output probability And
if you remember, we just talked about this in the module,
that by outputting probability, you can get a more fine grain estimate
what the prediction looks like. So, we just run it and just let's take a quick look at what
this new giraffe_reviews look like. So let's look at the head of this table,
and you'll see that now we have the name of the product, the review,
the rating, the word count. And I added another column
called the predicted sentiment. And for
some reviews it's really high 0.999, 0.99, and here's a review that's
pretty low sentiment. There should really be
a large warning on the, they don't like it for some reason,
now let's try to understand. Let's look at the reviews and
see what reviews are positive or negative and see what the people
are saying about the product. So here's what I'm gonna do. We're gonna sort the reviews based on the predicted sentiment and explore. And the cool thing here is the predicted
sentiment is a much more fine grain description of whether we've
used positive or negative. The stars are really skewed, five stars,
four stars, three stars, one star, and this will tell you how far
along the spectrum you are. But now that we have this numbers,
this extra column, we can do a lot more. So I'm gonna take this giraffe data,
and I'm going to sort it. So all I have to do is take it,
take the same value, and I'm gonna call the function sort on it. And you have to see,
what column you're sorting based on. So we're gonna sort
based on this new column that we call predicted_sentiment. And one little trick here, we're gonna
say ascending is equal to false. So we're still sorting that ascending
order is gonna start in descending order. Starting from the most positive
reviews down to the most negatives. Now that we've sorted it we're gonna just
show the first few lines of the table. And what you should see is that
the reviews are now sorted based on that sentiment. So the very top here, we have
the most positive one has predicted sentiment of 1.9999 and they all sorted. [MUSIC]