[MUSIC] So for that first review,
they had product sentiment predicted as 1, let's take a look at that review. So I'm gonna look at the giraffe_reviews. The first one is 0, the index 0, and let's
look at the actual text of the review. Okay, I'm gonna read
this to you a little bit. It says, Sophie, oh Sophie,
your time has come. My granddaughter, Violet is 5
months old and starting to teeth. What a joy for little Sophie. Little Sophie brings to Violet. Oh Violet really loves Sophie [SOUND]. Sophie is made of very pliable
rubber that is sturdy but not tough. And it's quite easy for Violet to twist
all her positions and put it in her mouth. Okay, that's the right
positive review looks like. She write a poem about Sophie. Let's look at the second
placed review here. So tihs is the, for element 1, so
it's the second element on the table. And let's look at what
that review looks like. And here's what it says, I'm not sure why
Sophie is such a hit with the little ones, but my 7 month old baby girl
is one of the adoring fans. The rubber is softer and
pleasant to handle. My daughter enjoy chewing on it,
[SOUND] on the legs, chewing on the legs, nubs of the head. So these ears get chewed and so on. [SOUND] She really loves it and
she loves that squeaky, so apparently it's a big hit. So this is two positive reviews. Now let me show you a little python
trick which you can use to show the most negative reviews. So the most negative reviews
are at the bottom of the table. So we could ask what is
the length from the table and find the last element and so on. But with python,
we can do this really easily. So let me show you what's happening next. Show most negative reviews. So we can take this table and just index
it with a negative number, minus 1. And what that does is it goes
to the end of the table. So minus one is the last element, minus two is the second to last element,
and so on. So let's look at the most
negative review for our giraffe. And I forgot to put a quote here,
so let's just do that and execute. Okay. Here's a negative review
about poor Sophie. My son loved Sophie. I bought one for
every baby shower I've gone to. Now, my daughter is 6 months old
just today nearly choked on it. Now I'll never give it to her again. So the problem is this person's
daughter is really scary, almost choked by trying
to swallow this giraffe. And so you see a negative review of
somebody talking about how this giraffe, which is a lovely chewing toy,
is also a choking hazard. Let's look at the second
most negative review. So again, giraffe and minus 2, second most negative review and
we'll take a quick look at it. So one thing that people don't like about
it is it might be a choking hazard. So let's see what this one says. This children's toy is nostalgic and
very cute. That sounds pretty positive. Even the second most negative
review starts pretty positive. However, the distinct rubber smell and
very old odd taste. Yes, I tried it. So this person tried to chew his or
her kid's toy. That my baby did not enjoy. So apparently, the rubber smells and this person wasn't able to clean it. And the kid did not like it. And they overpaid for this toy. So the second thing that people complain
about is that this is a smelly toy. Smells okay to me, but could be an issue. Okay, so now in a few lines of code,
we build a sentiment analysis. A system that can actually look at
reviews and really sort them and show really positive and negative
aspects of this particular product. [MUSIC]