[MUZIKA] Now we've seen classification in a wide
variety of settings and how we can really use to predict a class like a positive or
negative sentiment from data. In the regression section,
Amy talked about this block diagram that really describes how a machine learning
algorithm iterates through its data. So now let’s take this same block
diagram and work through it and describe how it works out in the case of
classification with sentiment analysis. So how does it look for classification for sentiment, so in this case, the data is the text of the reviews, so for each review, the text of review is associated with a particular
labeled sentiment From that text of the review,
we feed it to through a feature extraction phase which gives us x,
the inputs to our algorithm. And this x here is going
to be the word counts. So word counts for
every data point, for every review. Now our Machine Learning model is
going to take that input data. And so the word counts,
as well as some several parameters which I'm calling here w-hat,
which are the weights for each word. Each word. And from, combining these two,
we're gonna output the predictions. So if the score is greater than zero,
it's gonna be positive. If the score is less than zero,
it's gonna be negative. So this output here is
the predicted sentiment. And if we're just using the model,
we would be done here. But really, in the machine learning
algorithm phase, we're gonna evaluate that result and then feed it back into
the algorithm to improve the parameters. So we're gonna take the predicted
sentiment, y-hat and compare it with the true label for
the sentiment. So the sentiment label for
each data point. So that's gonna fit in and our quality measure here is gonna
be classification accuracy. Classification accuracy. And the machine learning algorithm,
which we're gonna discuss in more detail in the classification course, is gonna
take that accuracy and try to improve it. And the way the improvement works,
is by updating the parameter w-hat. And that's what the cycle for machine learning algorithm
classification would look like. In this module,
we've seen how to do classification. We've looked at various examples
of where it can be applied. We'll talked about a few models for
building classifications, especially in the context of sentiment
analysis, we saw some live demos. And we even built a notebook where
we built a classifier from data and analyzed it. And with this knowledge, you're ready
to build an intelligent application that uses a classifier at its core. [MUZIKA]