[MUSIC] One issue, though, that we have with these
co-occurrence matrices is the fact that they have to be normalized. Because let's talk about what happens
if we have a very popular item. So one of the most popular items for
babies is diapers. There are lots of these around here. They're very,
very useful when you have a baby. So basically, if you're gonna
purchase any baby item on Amazon, you're also very likely at some
point to have purchased diapers. But then let's look at some other item. This is Sophie the giraffe. It's actually one of the most
gifted items on Amazon for babies. But it's a little teether. Little babies like to bite on this. It's rubbery. It squeaks. Keeps them very interested. But let's think about what happens
when we're looking at this other item. So we just purchased Sophie the Giraffe,
and we wanna make recommendations for this person who just purchased
this little toy here. So what I'm gonna look at is I'm gonna
look at the counts vector for Sophie. This is for Sophie the Giraffe. And again we have that DVD that nobody's
purchasing, then we have diapers, then we have baby wipes, and
all the other products you can imagine. And diapers is some enormous number. Let's say 1 million. Maybe that's not so enormous. But 1 million. It sounds pretty big, or
it used to sound pretty big. So what ends up happening is that
regardless of what product I'm looking at, regardless of whether I just
purchased Sophie the Giraffe. Or if I just purchased
this little stacking toy. Or if I just purchased
this really cute alligator that makes this sound and it rattles. No matter what I just purchased, according
to the process that we just described, I'm really,
really likely to recommend diapers to you. So let's think about how to make
the recommendations a little bit more personalized and have the effect that
everybody buying diapers doesn't mean that that's what I'm particularly
interested in when I just bought Sophie. So let's talk about how to handle this. So this is just to reiterate what I
was saying, which is the fact that having these very large counts for popular
items, drowns out all the other effects. And so, we're just going back to this
default thing of recommending based off of popularity, which is
what we were trying to address with these different
types of recommender systems. [MUSIC]