[MUSIC] In the lectures, Emily talked
about nearest neighbor models and how they can be used for
document retrieval. So today, we're gonna actually
do some cool document retrievals using simple nearest neighbor models. Next we're going to build a nearest neighbor model for
document retrieval. And here we go, nearest neighbor model for
document retrieval. Again, you could implement your own,
but we have one already implemented here that you can use,
which is great for this first course. We're gonna use the one from the offline,
and it is called nearest_neighbors. And just like that use the verb create
to create a nearest neighbor model. So we're gonna give it this input. The people table. And we have to say what features we're
gonna use in the nearest neighbors. So the features are gonna be the tfidf,
tfidf. Just like we've been using for
the cosine distances above. And I'm going to provide
a label column and this label column is going to be the name. So when I return my nearest neighbors,
it's going to return the actual label of the nearest
neighbor, so the name of the person. And that will make the print out prettier. So that's cool that it's there for us. So it should only take a few seconds. And we will have, now there we are. We will have a nearest neighbor model for
document retrieval. So now we can use it, so
let's go ahead and use it. So I'm going to just create
another header here and say applying
the nearest-neighbors model for retrieval, and let's see what we get. So the first question is, so
let's do our first query. So who is closest to Obama? So who are the closest people
to Obama in the data set. So if you just take our neighbor model, we can use the method query,
the function query associated with it, which just queries
the model with some input. So in this case Obama as our input, and
gives me back the nearest-neighbor. So where the nearest-neighbor is to Obama,
we'll compute it, and it's very quick. And I say, okay, the closest person to
Obama is Obama himself, which makes sense. But after that, we have Joe Biden,
who is the current US vice president. So the president is closest
to the vice president. And then we find a few other politicians,
including former president Bill Clinton, which we saw above. [MUSIC]