[MUSIC] Other examples of document retrieval. Okay? So we're gonna go through a few. For example,
let's take the singer Taylor Swift. So out of all my people, I'm going to select the one whose name is Taylor Swift. And so when I select her I can ask, let's retrieve some documents that
are similar to Taylor Swift's documents. In other words,
who are the people, just for the model, who are the people
who are closest to Taylor Swift? So she's a female singer and
you'll see other female singers kind of the same
generation like Carrie Underwood, Alicia Keys, Jordan Sparks, Leona Lewis. And just a little disclaimer here,
I had to go and look those people up in Wikipedia because
I really didn't know who they were. [LAUGH] Here we go. Let's take another example. So for example,
the actress Angelina Jolie. So if I take, out of all my people, I take the one whose
name is Angelina Jolie. And I'm now going to
query my nearest neighbor model to ask who is
closest to Angelina Jolie. And so who is closer to Angelina Jolie? Before I press enter here,
take a moment to think. If you know anything about
this actress Angelina Jolie, you might guess who is
the closest person to her, and if I run this, you'll see that
the nearest neighbor is Brad Pitt. And we all know about the relationship
between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. And then you see Julianne Moore, Billy Bob
Thornton, George Clooney, these are all actors and actresses that have been in
movies actually with Angelina Jolie. So, It's pretty cool. We get some interesting retrieval here. So let me show you one last cool,
fun example. So you might be familiar
with a person called Arnold Schwarzenegger. The famous Terminator. So, I actually have to cheat here to make sure I get his last name right, Schwarzenegger, okay. Hopefully I got that right. And the question is, who are the nearest
neighbors to Arnold Schwarzenegger? Now. You may know that Arnold
had a double career. So first, he start as an actor, well, bodybuilder, then an actor,
then a politician, and became the governor of the state of California
in the United States, so several lives. So what are the nearest neighbors for
Arnold Schwarzenegger? And so you'll see Arnold Schwarzenegger. Then you'll see Jessie Ventura,
who is like a, Jessie Venture is a wrestler, an actor,
so similar to Arnold Schwarzenegger. And then a few politicians,
including former governors of Oregon, and of Rhode Island
and other states in the United States. So now we see that the nearest neighbors
for Arnold are politicians and actors and body builders, people like him. So this was a really cool example of just
building a very simple document retrieval system using TFIDF and nearest neighbors. Just like we learned in the module,
but now taking it to practice and finding some pretty cool documents
from this Wikipedia data set. [MUSIC]