الموسيقى For any specific value of lambda, we get some balance between this residual
sum of squares, and this two norm. And so what I'm gonna do, is in this movie, I'm gonna add
these two contour plots together. I'm gonna add, so let me write this down. Add contour plots together, where I'm getting residual sum of
squares of w plus lambda 2 norm of w. Where here the residual sum of
squares were these ellipses, centered about my least squares solution,
and there's to norm, where these circles centered about zero. And lambda is some weighting
on how much I'm including that two norm penalty or the cost. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to
show a movie as a function of lambda. So movie, function of increasing lambda, where I have my ellipses,
and I'm weighting more and more heavily these contours that
are coming from the circle. The circle terms from
this two norm penalty. Okay, so this is the movie right here, and my lovely assistant Carlos,
will click the mouse to play the movie. [LAUGH]
Since I don't know how to control it from the tablet, unfortunately. [LAUGH]
Thank you Fanna. That reference was probably
lost on most people. And in doing so,
you didn't get me describing the movie so let's watch it again. But what we see this x, let me be clear, that the x is going to
mark the optimal solution, For a specific lambda and we're varying lambda so
this x is gonna move. Okay where's the x gonna start? Well when lambda's equal to zero, we're
starting out our lee squared solution and as lambda increases we know
that as lambda goes to infinity the coefficients are gonna shrink to zero. But let's visualize the path that
it takes as we increase lambda. Okay so let's play this movie again, gonna
start it early square the solution and we see that the magnitude
of our coefficients W0 and W1 are shrinking smaller and
smaller towards zero. So, maybe we'll play that once more
just to visualize this and what we say. Again, this was just
the tail end of the movie. Is this shrinking magnitude
of the coefficients? Carlos is very excited about this movie,
so we're gonna watch it one more time. It's pretty cool. We've never actually seen
somebody do this visualization. We think it's really intuitive. So again,
as that land of penalty is increasing, the magnitude of the coefficients
are getting shrunk. Okay, well now let's talk about
what the solution looks like for a given value of lambda. Oops, sorry let me turn my pen on. So for a specific lambda value. We have some balance between
residual sum of squares and the magnitude of our coefficients. Lambda's automatically doing
some trade-off between the two. So some balance Between RSS and our two norm. And specifically, in this plot,
this is our solution. So, it has some RSS that happens to be,
five thousand two hundred fifteen, that's what the number on this contour
is indicating and it has some tune arm, which has value 4.75, and so this lambda has chosen the specific
trade off and we see that our solution is somewhere here, which has shrunk from
where our least square solution was. Let's remember our least square
solution was somewhere around here. And the optimal for
lambda equals infinity was that zero. So it's somewhere in
between these two values. And if we had chosen a different value
of lambda, let's say a larger value of lambda We would of had
a different solution. And when I'm drawing all these contours,
what I'm saying is, let me just go back to the original
one before this this drawing. What I'm saying is,
every other point along this circle, has exactly the same
residual sum of squares. But larger l2 norm of w and everywhere along this circle has
exactly the same w2 norm, sorry, l2 norm of w, but
it has larger residual sum of squares. So that's why this is the optimal
trade off for this lambda. Then, like I drew here,
if I chose a larger lambda, I will get a solution that
preferred a smaller two norm and a larger residual sum of squares. So, this would be solution for a larger lambda value. Okay, so this is just a little
visualization of what a ridge regression solution looks like. الموسيقى