[MUSIC] Okay, well we've talked quite exhaustively
about this notion of clustering for the sake of doing document retrieval,
but there are lots, and lots of other examples
where clustering is useful, and I wanna take some time just
to describe a few of them. So one application is for image search. So imagine you're going and
you're searching, you go on Google Image search and
you type in the word ocean. Well it would be really helpful if we
could structure all the images we have by some set of categories like ocean,
pink flower, dog, sunset, clouds. So clustering is very helpful for
doing structured search. Another very different application
is maybe we wanna group patients by their medical condition. So here a goal might be to better characterize subpopulations as
well as different diseases. So as an example, we can look at a whole
bunch of patients that have seizures. So these three brains represent
three different patients, and they have different recording setups that
are measuring their seizure activity. And so for each of these patients
we get a collection of recordings of different seizures that
they exhibit over time. So each one of these
colored squares represents a different recording of a seizure. And between these different
patients there might be similar types of seizures that
appear in these different patients. And so what we can do is we can take all
of these seizure recordings from these three different patients and
think about clustering them. And if we identify different
types of seizures in this way, this can allow us to better
treat the types of patient that we're observing based on understanding
what types seizures they exhibit. Well another application is thinking about
doing product recommendation on Amazon. So, for example, on Amazon there
are a lot of third parties that come and they post some product to be sold. And they provide a label
of what that product is. So, for example,
maybe a person wants to sell a crib and they label the crib, fairly reasonably,
as being a furniture item. So maybe we get posted under
the furniture category. But, if instead,
we look at who purchases this item? And we look at their purchase history, and we look at other people with
similar purchase histories, so maybe the person who purchased this
item also purchased baby car seat, well then maybe what we can do is maybe we can
infer that a better label for this crib, which had been labeled furniture is really
to have labeled it as a baby product. So in addition to discovering groups of
products that are related, that have. Based on purchase histories
of these items we can also use that to discover groups
of related users on Amazon. And that can be used for
targeting products to those users. And finally we can think about
structuring web search results. So, for example, search terms can have multiple
meanings like the word "cardinal". If I type this in to Google, maybe I
mean I want an article about a cardinal, the bird, maybe about the baseball team,
or about a cardinal, a religious figure. So if we can structure out
articles based on their content, using the same types of ideas
we've talked about in this module, then I can improve my search
results that I provide to people. And the list of applications goes on and
on. Another one that's quite
interesting is thinking about collections of neighborhoods and there are a few applications where you
want to discover similar neighborhoods. One is if we wanna estimate the price
of a house at a very small local regional level. So in this case, it challenges
the fact that we only have a few, or very often, no house sale observations
within a very small neighborhood. So if we wanna estimate the value
of the house in that neighborhood at a point in time,
it's very hard to do that because we have no other houses to base
our estimate off of in that neighborhood. However, if we can discover
other neighborhoods that have similar types of house dynamics,
house price dynamics, then we can come up with a good estimate of
the house in the neighborhood with few or no sales by leveraging information
from this other neighborhood that was discovered to be related
to the current neighborhood. So, the idea is to discover
clusters of neighborhoods, and then within those clusters we can share
information like these house sales informations to form better estimates. So, this is the solution that I'm
describing here, is to cluster regions with similar trends, and
then share information within a cluster. And the same idea of discovering
related regions can be used for helping to forecast violent crimes, to better
task police forces to different regions. So again once we discover different
neighborhoods that have very similar crime dynamics, we can form
better predictions of the rates of violent crimes in
those neighborhoods and then use that information to
task police to those regions. [MUSIC]